CPP Module 01
ex00 There must be a ponyOnTheHeap function that allocates a new Pony
using "new", then deletes it (using "delete", obviously).
There must be a ponyOnTheStack function that allocates a new Pony on the stack (WITHOUT
using "new" or "malloc").

ex01 Theoretically, two choices here are right: Either changing the allocation
to be on the stack and not on the heap (So, don't use "new" anymore, and handle
a std::string without using the pointer), or adding a "delete panthere;" after
the std::cout.
Ask the student to explain WHY he did what he did before marking
this as done. He has to answer something other than "Meh, it just works".

ex02 All the classes and functions required by the subject must exist
and work as specified, otherwise, no points for this exercise.
The Zombies must be destroyed when appropriate.
In newZombie, it should be allocated on the heap, returned,
and then deleted in the main(). The student must explain why.
The Zombies created by randomChump must either be allocated on the stack (so implictly deleted
at the end of the function), or allocated on the heap then explicitly deleted.
The student must justify his choice.

ex03 All the classes and functions required by the subject must exist
and work as specified, otherwise, no points for this exercise.
The Zombies must be allocated
in the constructor of the ZombieHorde, and should be allocated as an array,
either on the stack, either explictly using new[], in which case they should
be deleted in the destructor. The student must explain his choice.

ex04 There is a string containing "HI THIS IS BRAIN", then a pointer
to it, then a reference to it, and it is displayed through the pointer then
through the reference. As the subject says, really, that's it, no tricks
or anything.

ex05 All the classes and functions required by the subject must exist
and work as specified, otherwise, no points for this exercise.
The "identify" function
in the "Brain" must return the representation of "this", or any other trick
that equates to "the adress of the current instance".
The "getBrain"
function should return a REFERENCE to the Brain of the current Human. With the
main() that the subject provides, it must, as the subject says, display two
identical adresses.
The student should be able to explain why he did this.

ex06 All the classes and functions required by the subject must exist
and work as specified, otherwise, no points for this exercise.
The student must choose to store the Weapon either as pointer
or as a reference in HumanA and HumanB.
In HumanA, BOTH are acceptable if justified, even if theoretically the reference
is better, since the Weapon exists from creation until destruction and never
changes.
In HumanB, only the pointer is acceptable, since the field is not
set at creation time, so it can not be a reference.
The student must justify his choices correctly.

ex07 The program must work as the subject specifies. A reasonable amount
of errors must be handled. If you can find an error that isn't handled, and
isn't completely esoteric, no points for this exercise.
The program must read from the file using an ifstream or equivalent,
and write using an ofstream or equivalent."

ex08 All the classes and functions required by the subject must exist
and work as specified, otherwise, no points for this exercise.
The "action" function must use an array of pointer to member functions
to choose which action should be called. Any if/elseif/elseif/else or
other crap like this counts as wrong.

ex09 All the classes and functions required by the subject must exist
and work as specified, otherwise, no points for this exercise.
Must work exactly as the subject requires.
As with the previous exercise, the action to take when
using "log" must be determined using an array of pointers to member functions.

ex10 The program must work as the subject specifies. Any error that
isn't handled = no points for this exercise."

